W-10815221 Reference Guide AS2 Connector 6.3.0 (#1950)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: as2/6.3/modules/ROOT/pages/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

= Upgrading and Migrating AS2 Connector to Version 6.x - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::as2/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

Upgrade Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector) from version 5.x to 6.x to take advantage of new features and functionality.

== Supported Upgrade Paths

[%header,cols="50a,50a"]
|===
|From Version | To Version
|5.x |6.x
|===

== Changes

=== 6.3

AS2 Connector 6.3 contains the following changes:

* You can now configure a single AS2 listener endpoint to receive messages from multiple partners.
+

> To implement this feature, a new tab named *Partners* was added to the *As 2 listener* and *As 2 mdn listener* global elements. This tab contains fields that were were moved from the *Partner Config* section of the *Geneneral* tab, as well as some new fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement this feature, a new tab named *Partners* was added to the *As2 listener* and *As2 mdn listener* global elements. This tab contains fields that were moved from the *Partner Config* section of the *General* tab, as well as some new fields.
```

Reviewer 2: Sadly, "AS 2 mdn listener" is the name in the GUI.
